oh look Jim they're playing that stupid
video game again hey hey girl come on I
told you this game is gonna turn your
mind to mush here outside you should be
outside
oh man those next go don't climb a tree
playing a bottle put poo on a stick and
chase each other enjoy your youth you'll
be dead soon I'm gonna clap on you're
going down this time
bring it on Flashdance
home across the street her dad is
because he was a semi-pro baseball
player he called her rattlesnake with
his bare hands
and he has a nickel from 1896 her dad
can water-ski barefoot and he got Pat
Sajak's autograph always a little pelvis
off the picture has all the pictures oh
oh so cool
soon baby soon
remember the rules no pushing or running
that's right and daddy gets to go in
first right
sooo stop complaining sticker no just
keep everybody hey you two knock it off
over there okay will you just sit still
leave my face alone cool
make a wish whatever will I wish for hey
Jim I'm off to go see piggy goes to
Paris guy alone and a kiddie movie with
a bag full of candy well you get the
picture I need to borrow the brats
fantastic Go Go Go hey where the kids
oh they went to the movies with Andy
we're alone yeah upstairs naked now
I grabbed the leftover pizza will eat it
in bed afterwards while I watch football
I've got magic here Oh what Oh Oh what
are you Punk's want come in the kitchen
we need your help
yeah and if I going to said kitchen
children's impossible something might
fall on my head yeah see no my little
chimps uncle Andy's a little too smart
to fall for the bucket over the door gag
the pudding in the loafers gag however
Wow
oh crap
that'll teach your uncle Andy not to
sleep in my chair still pudding